Hi, very nice sporting included
besides tickets to events
tablet
TV moto car all to you that
play here with us
we are 12 questions six of you
choose one of them is mandatory
begins exactly with her the king-shock
between São Paulo and palm trees in the
morumbi the classic shock-king on screen the
Sao paulo receives the palm trees in morumbi
still dreaming of the Brazilian title
what will be the exact result of this
match the exact score of São Paulo and
palm trees of the classic history are
paulo of more victories than the palm trees
however in the history of the Brazilian
verdão stayed from 74 until the year 2100 lose
because tricolor but this time the reality
distinct the palm trees struggle not to fall
and I think it escapes because of the demerit of
rivals and são paulo has two fronts in
South American cup goes very well and
also in the very tough competition for the title
national
playing at home by the team that has at
time that the palm trees do not have the are
Paulo is favorite to win for me by
2 to 0 is an exact scoreboard has other
great games of the brazilian in this
round may know the
corinthians goes to the arena new source
face the bay
who will be winning his departure the
interval and who will leave with the
end of the game bahia and corinthians the
tricolor of the great earth trying to escape
of the relegation zone is very
hard corinthians trying is on g4
Who knows, g5 of the Brazilian is less
complicated difficult game but the question is
simple who wins until the interval
for me it gives the team of the house of the bay more
in the end the rudder gets the
tie then the answer is this first
time in the interval the bay came out winning
but at the end of the game the corinthians
can draw for the championship
and has another spectacular game.
maybe an hour the game of the season
among the best teams in Brazil in the
last two years
athletic miner and cruise the rooster and
fox in the great horticultural arena
Copper from Brazil
There is no way to stay on top of the mauro wall.
who wins until the break and who will leave
with the victory at the end of the great
between athletic miner and
cruise
I play that sensational decision and
deservedly the decision mining team
since the first cup of Brazil 89 did not
we have such a nice decision two
teams coming as strong as Gallic
while the fox but the question is who
win until the break for me athletic
miner playing independent of whom
win the final also athlete first
game for 2 to 1 is a sensational game there
Yes, the Brazilian is practically
set for the brilliant bi-championship
celeste, the cup of Brazil is very
open and that rooster has demoralized
Unbelievable for me in that range
expired the first game too
at the end of the match and there is more
Brasileirão area here the sporting 2
Back to the Brazilian Lantern
criciúma receives the guild to try
escape from the relegation zone
the question is the following about the goals
happened at that game
Criciúma a very delicate situation I think
very difficult to recover faces the
felipe team just the coach
who gave the Copa do Brasil the team
91 from a
spectacular victory at gre nal in the arena
by 4 to 1 and is a favorite to win
also criciúma and to dream with eyes
and by the adoption by G-4 of the
next year's liberators and guild
turvense and we will have three goals in the match
between criciúma and grêmio and we will have another
great craic a man in the tricolor o
classic grandpa between fluminense and
Botafogo here can still meet us
for brazilian we will have the famous
classic grandpa between fluminense and
botafogo what will be the exact result
in this match mauro situation
practically desperate of botafogo
understands wins win every game
too much to be against everyone is
difficult with late wages with a lot of
wrong thing in general
Fluminense has already been better.
already dropped a lot already rose from a fall
new must recover in the game is this
the classic grandpa against botafogo and the
own three quarters of sporting
this is for the tricolor victory 2 to 0
for Rio de Janeiro and there is another great
play now here in the area the sporting club
by the Brazilian championship, trying to
recovery in the
international plays against Goiás on
of his fans
How many goals did you score in this match?
very good and balanced game between
that comes from paulada suffered
in gre nal and goiás that comes from great
win balanced game but game
victory of the house team you need
more than the Goiás team the result of
match for three goals between international
and goias where you 2 to 1 three goals in that
foot in the Brazilian championship game that
arrives an exciting round to the end
and there will be more game here at sport
influence of the brazilian the rooster follows
in Brazil, trying to stay in the g4 and
receives the figueirense in independence
how many goals did this match
rooster and cruise campaign
sensational the athletic miner one
touching recovery receives the
figueirense still threatening the team
Santa Catarina
I think he escapes and thinks he's going for a cock
to arrive or by the way of the Brazilian Cup
or by the Brazilian for the
liberators and for this it is fundamental
so that we wanted to win the
figueirense for me is game for 3 goals
for me it 's a game for 2 to force it to
this new feat in sporting with this but
what matters is your worth tickets
for sporting events tablet device
television motorcycle everything here to
You that play with us we give 12
questions six of you choose
and you play here with us
a great luck a great all week